If you want a local business to show up in ChatGPT-style searches, reduce uncertainty.
AI assistants need evidence.
They look for a crawlable website, clear service pages, location details, reviews, consistent public profiles, recent activity, and content that answers specific customer questions.
Start by making the website explicit.
Say what the business does, who it serves, where it works, what affects pricing, and how to book or buy.
Next, create answer-ready pages for real customer questions: cost, comparison, timing, fit, and what to do first.
Keep public profiles consistent across Google Business Profile, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Yelp, and local directories.
Build freshness signals with updated pages, current reviews, and active social profiles.
No one can guarantee a ChatGPT recommendation.
But the clearer, more consistent, and more verifiable the business is online, the easier it becomes for AI systems to include it in an answer.